it's not all about the quarterbacks in
the 2009 Heisman Trophy race Cal running
back jab investments to stake his claim
as the Bears also open camp today best
will join us in the program and finally
12th ranked Cal Bears also open camp
today this group is a dark horse
national contender has a chance to be
Jeff Tedford's best in his eight seasons
of Berkeley they return 15 starters from
the squad that won nine games and it's
bowl game last season all right they
opened the year trying to avenge the
loss to Maryland and maybe the most
important game of the schedule you see
that October third USC nine and three
for the kale bears and it's it's a tough
schedule but I think it's a manageable
one that definition fest running back
enjoy the best of course you have the
big game on the 21st when they travel to
stay and if Cal's going to make some
noises season their mainstay will be
jahvid best who joins us via Skype javed
talked to me tell me what camp is really
like from the player's perspective uh
campus it's hard I can't I can't put it
any other way I mean there's a lot of
time and devotion put into it and
there's a lot of focus and hard work put
into it so it's kind of hard kind of
rough but a lot of our players look
forward to it and we look forward to
getting better and getting ready for the
season you bring back 15 starters this
year high expectations sell me on why
Cal can win the pac 10 this season we
can win it because we as you said we've
got a lot of start is coming back and
we're really confident I mean we trust
one another and we're working hard and
can't it's just about this is going to
be about execution you're being
mentioned for the Heisman Trophy and
Andre we're on our show today is a
former winner of the Heisman Trophy so
he gets a vote kind of give me the
campaign the preseason build up on my
Andre where should get on the job at
best bandwagon right now it's going to
be exciting season I mean we're exciting
team when we make a lot of big place so
it's going to be is going to be exciting
season so everybody should watch our
games
just just pay attention to us is gonna
be exciting season I'll take care your
business beat USC at home and I promise
we'll have you back on immediately I
will be talking about all about jahvid
best in the Cal Bears good luck this
season come back and visit us soon thank
you what is the biggest obstacle to him
winning the Heisman Trophy well I think
it's the hype of all the other three
guys coming back from last year's race
so much as put on last year and it's
going to take the Heisman voters to
really get past that and focus on this
season but he's got to get past that
hype I asked them to make the case to
you did he win points I think he did I
liked his answer in terms of deflecting
what was asked of him what he needs to
do and he put it right on his team he
won points with me today the old answer
by not answer out of my fair enough some
notable names on the Walter Camp watch
list and you see Jeb and best to top
that you also have Bradford McCoy Tebow
the rest of the gang a lot of those
saying that names that you've heard over
and over and over all right